Hello everyone and welcome to the introduction to our basics section of this course.
By now you should have your environment fully set up understand what this course is about and get ready
to tackle the rest of the curriculum of the course in the introductions.
Our basic section will start off with the very beginning of what you should know.
Things like arithmetic and are how to create a variable in our and then go over our basic data types
such as vectors lists matrices data frames etc. to start off with the introduction to our basic section
.
I want to show you how next four sections of the Course are built into the notes for this course.
Again if you want the notes go ahead and review the lecture called course notes which has a basic overview
of the notes and how to download them.
Right now I'm going to go ahead and jump to those notes myself.
Let me go ahead.
Open those files in another window.
All right.
Here I am at the course notes for the next few couple of sections Sections 4 5 6 and 7.
All the notes that you're going to need are available either in the basics of R and data types or if
you're actually performing a training exercise.
You'll be under the training exercises folder her now may go in and should the basics of our and data
types go to this folder and we're going to start off with just our basic section.
Meaning these are the actual notebooks corresponding to each lecture.
You can go in and double click them open them up in your browser and explore the code A corresponds
to lecture.
Basically what I'm going to be doing is explaining and coding out live for you in video.
All the notes that are in these notebook files.
If you go ahead and go back to the basics of our types you'll notice there's matrices lists and data
frames.
These are the next subsequent sections that are also all fall under the basics of R and data types folder
.
So here's the code for our base or our data frame's code for the Arliss SpaceX lecture and then code
for the matrices lecture.
If you actually get to a training exercise section in the next couple of sections go to the training
exercises folder.
Double click on it click on exercises and then find the appropriate exercise.
It'll match the title of the lecture and if you want the solution to that exercise then check out the
solutions folder.
All right that's all you need to know to continue.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A section of the course in me or the other students
will be happy to answer them for you.
Thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture.